fix: update escape rules for router regex (#117)
wundergraph/cosmo-docs: docs/router/open-telemetry.mdx

The router can also expose Prometheus metrics. It works with the same OTEL metrics we export over OTEL. See [Metrics & Monitoring](/router/metrics-and-monitoring)

## Exclude certain metrics and labels

Excluding certain metrics and labels can significantly reduce the cardinality of the collected telemetry data, allowing for a tailored setup that aligns with your specific monitoring needs and minimizes unnecessary data collection. These exclusion options can be easily configured within the `otlp` section of the router config.

We support a Go Regex strings. You can test your Regex at [https://regex101.com/](https://regex101.com/).

### Escaping dots in metric names

OpenTelemetry metrics use dots (`.`) as separators in metric names (e.g., `wg.operation.hash`, `router.http.request.duration`). When writing regular expressions to match these metric names, you must escape the dot character since it has special meaning in regex (matches any character).

> **Important:** In regex, a literal dot must be escaped as `\.`, but in YAML strings, backslashes themselves need escaping, so you end up with `\\.`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important:** To strictly match a literal `.` in regex, the dot must be escaped as `\.`, in YAML, you can achieve this with a single escape in single quotes (`'\.'`) or a double escape if in double quotes (`"\\."`). We recommend using single quotes for regex patterns.
```
